mv: refresh page (#9772)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/mv.md

> Move or rename files and directories.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/mv>.

> - Rename a file or an empty directory (`{{target}}` does not exists):

Author: Yes! thank you @kbdharun I actually made the correction in class live in front of my students and was not very focused. You are right, directories can also be renamed even when non-empty (silly me!).

> Move or rename files and directories.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/coreutils/mv>.

> - Rename a file or directory when the target is not an existing directory:
> 
> `mv {{source}} {{target}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rename a file or directory when the target is not an existing file or directory:

`mv {{source}} {{target}}`
```

Author: No this is incorrect. Just keep it as before. Saying "if it is not an existing directory".

The thing is, if it is an existing file and you are renaming a file, then the existing file will be rewritten. If you are renaming a folder, on the other hand, then the `mv` command will come back with an error saying that `{{target}} is not a directory`

> - Move a single file when the target is an existing directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move a file or directory into an existing directory:
```

> `mv {{source}} {{target}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mv {{source}} {{existing_directory}}`
```

- Move multiple files into an existing directory, keeping the filenames unchanged:

> `mv {{source1}} {{source2}} {{source3}} {{target}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mv {{source1}} {{source2}} {{source3}} {{existing_directory}}`
```
